Requirement :
=============
Below are the requirements
* By accessing /cakes, it should be possible to list the cakes currently in the system. JSON would be an acceptable response format.

* It must be possible to add a new cake.

* It must be possible to update an existing cake.

* It must be possible to delete an existing cake.

Bonus points:
* Add some suitable tests (unit/integration...)
* Add some Authentication / Authorisation to the API
* Continuous Integration via any cloud CI system
* Containerisation

Scope
* Only the API and related code is in scope. No GUI of any kind is required

Changes Made - to cover the given requirement:
==============================================
1. Upgraded the application to use spring boot 2.7.9 and added required dependencies to run application as spring boot application.
2. Added rest controller as the handler for the api entry point and added other required classes and functionalities
to create,update,delete and get the cakes from the system.
3. Handled the exceptional scenarios using global exception handler/controller advice to respond back
to client with the right informations incase of exceptions.
4. Added required test cases to cover different scenarios and code coverage - used jacoco plugin
5. Used In memory h2 database for persisting the cake details.
6. Configured Continuous Integration using GitHub Actions with the help of ci.yml which contains jobs and steps for build


Tools and Technology Used:
=========================
1. Spring Boot
2. Java 11
3. Maven 3.5.3 
4. IntelliJ Idea - Any IDE can be used
5. Github - For repository and Continuous Integration
6. Maven - Build
7. Spring Junit 5 and mockito - For unit testing
8. Containerisation - using Docker image and DockerHubs 
9. Autogenerated Swagger REST documentation using OpenAPI dependency

Build and Run command from local :
=======================
1. Go to the project folder
2. Execute command "mvn clean install" from command line
3. After successful build run "mvn spring-boot:run"
4. Use base url http://localhost:8282/cakes to access api
   - Spring Security is used to provide role based(USER and ADMIN) authentication and autherisation to rest endpoints
5. Use swagger documentation  http://localhost:8282/swagger-ui/index.html to understand more about the available rest api endpoints

Continuous Integration:
=======================

1. Used GitHub Actions to perform CI by configuring ci.yml file
2. Steps added in ci.yml file are :
   a. Checkout Code from git
   b. Setup Java version 17
   c. Setup maven
   d. Build using maven
   e. Build docker image and Push the docker image into Docker Hub repo/registry

   Above Continuous Integration will be triggered only for either a push directly to master branch or a pull request to master branch.

Application Health CheckUp:
==========================

1. Use this link http://localhost:8282/actuator/health

Things Considered But Not Implemented:
=====================================

1. OAuth2 Authentication Server for authorization :- Created oauth client id and security token using GitHub
2. Added Oauth2 client dependency in pom.xml and added required configuration files 

Got into few issues related to role based authentication so did not complete it.